1436790/1438462: Part 14: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10374)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/query-expression-examples-linq-to-dataset.md

ms.assetid: f743fbc7-faff-45e5-af1e-61577d87f0cc
---
# Query Expression Examples (LINQ to DataSet)

> This section provides [!INCLUDE[linq_dataset](../../../../includes/linq-dataset-md.md)] programming examples in query expression syntax that use the standard query operators. The <xref:System.Data.DataSet> used in these examples is populated by using the `FillDataSet` method, which is specified in [Loading Data Into a DataSet](../../../../docs/framework/data/adonet/loading-data-into-a-dataset.md). For more information, see [Standard Query Operators Overview (C#)](../../../csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md) or [Standard Query Operators Overview (Visual Basic)](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides LINQ to DataSet programming examples in query expression syntax that use the standard query operators. The <xref:System.Data.DataSet> used in these examples is populated by using the `FillDataSet` method, which is specified in [Loading Data Into a DataSet](../../../../docs/framework/data/adonet/loading-data-into-a-dataset.md). For more information, see [Standard Query Operators Overview (C#)](../../../csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md) or [Standard Query Operators Overview (Visual Basic)](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md).  
```
